```html
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Sun, 28 Jul 2024 12:31:16 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive
Vary: Accept-Encoding
X-Clacks-Overhead: GNU Terry Pratchett
Content-Encoding: gzip
Server: PythonAnywhere
```

**HTTP/1.1 200 OK**
-HTTP/1.1: This indicates the version of the HTTP protocol used in the response.
200 OK: This is the status code and reason phrase. 200 is the status code indicating that the request was successful, and OK is the reason phrase providing a textual description of the status code.

**Date: Sun, 28 Jul 2024 12:31:16 GMT**
-Date: This header indicates the date and time when the response was generated by the server.

**Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8**
Content-Type: This header specifies the media type of the response content. In this case, it's text/html indicating HTML content, with a character set of utf-8.

**Transfer-Encoding: chunked**
-Transfer-Encoding: This header indicates that the response body is sent in chunks. chunked transfer encoding allows the server to send the response in a series of chunks, which is useful for dynamically generated content or when the content length is unknown.

**Connection: keep-alive**
-Connection: This header indicates that the connection should be kept open for further requests and responses, instead of closing it after the current response.

**Vary: Accept-Encoding**
-Vary: This header indicates that the server may serve different versions of the response based on the value of the Accept-Encoding header in the request. It tells caches that the response may vary depending on the encoding preferences of the client.

**X-Clacks-Overhead: GNU Terry Pratchett**
-X-Clacks-Overhead: This is a custom header used as a tribute to the late author Terry Pratchett. It is a reference to the Clacks overhead from his Discworld series, used by fans and some servers to keep his name circulating in tribute.

**Content-Encoding: gzip**
-Content-Encoding: This header indicates that the response content is compressed using the gzip encoding. The client must decompress it to read the original content.

**Server: PythonAnywhere**
-Server: This header provides information about the server software handling the request. In this case, it indicates that the response is served by PythonAnywhere.


#The HTML document
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <link rel= "stylesheet" type= "text/css" href= "/static/styles/mainpage.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/5.15.3/css/all.min.css"/>
    <title>App</title>
</head>
<body>


    <div class="wrapper" >
        <header>Upload Files</header>
      <form action="http://awakesid.pythonanywhere.com/uploader" method = "POST" enctype = "multipart/form-data">
        <div class="inner">
          <input class="file-input" type="file" name="file" hidden>
          <i class="fas fa-cloud-upload-alt"></i>
          <p>Browse File to Upload</p>
        </div>

        <section class="progress-area"></section>
        <section class="uploaded-area"></section>
        <div class="send">
        <input type="submit" class="btn">
        </div>
      </form>

        <!-- <section class="progress-area"></section>
        <section class="uploaded-area"></section> -->

    </div>
      <script src="/static/javascripts/app.js"></script>
</body>
</html>
```